fours:
third man:
	1.He opened the face at the last instant to run it down to third man, the ball took 
		the outer half and rolled away past first slip
	2.pokes at it and gets a thick edge that runs 
		past the keeper into the third man fence
	3.Gets an outside edge that flies to the third 
		man region for another boundary
	4.Tharanga just hangs his bat and places it between point and third man for an easy bargain. He tried for the cutter 
		but it slipped out for it to be an outrageously bad ball
	5. Dickwella slashes the cut behind square on the off-side. Point and short 
		third man fielder watch the ball race away to the fence
point:
	1. Lewis gets across and punches it off the back foot to pierce 
		the gap between cover and cover-point
	2. That was short and angled in, Sachith Pathirana got on top of the bounce and slayed the cut 
		through the point region on the off-side for a much needed four
	3. de Silva gets his foot across and cuts it wide of backward 
		point and the ball dribbles over the fence
	4. de Silva gets a big stride forward and leans on the drive. Splits the gap between cover 
		and point to get it towards sweeper cover fence
covers:
	1. through the covers! That was a good length delivery and Tharanga employed the 
		drive by backing away to get it past long-off
	2. stands up tall and hammers the cut over cover. That was another listless delivery and was done with 
		elan by Sachith Pathirana
	3. goes inside out and does so in a flamboyant manner to launch it over cover for a four. The full delivery ensured he could get his 
		front foot out of the way to go for the full monty
	4. room on offer outside off and Kusal Mendis has all the time in the world to put that away. 
		Goes back and flumps it through cover
	5. Half volley outside off and Perera is quick to get forward and drill the drive 
		between cover and mid-off. Once it beat the in-field there was no chance for the fielder
	6. Holder to de Silva, FOUR, full out-swinger outside off, de Silva gets a big stride 
		forward and leans on the drive. Splits the gap between cover and point to get it towards sweeper cover fence
straight:
	1. half volley just outside off. de Silva latches onto it in a flash 
		with a closed face of the bat. Drills it straight down the ground and collects another boundary
	2. Excellent shot from de Silva. He got forward to a fullish delivery 
		from Holder and clubs it straight down the ground. Mid-off had no chance to stop that
	3. Kulasekara goes fuller and Lewis is up for the challenge. 
		Gets a big stride forward and drills it straight down the ground and poses for the camera
	4. Straight out of the coaching manual. Half volley on middle and Lewis gets the straightest of bats down to the ball 
		to drive it down the ground. Lakmal gets his leg out of the way as it was hit very hard
	5. Almost a yorker on the stumps, Lewis falls over a little bit but makes 
		sure to present the full face of the bat, hits it pretty straight and beats mid-off